Added installation instructions for client (#104)
IceKhan13/purplecaffeine: client/README.md

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Source Code Installation

> If you want to install from source code, execute while in the client folder of the project:
> 
> 
> ```shell
> python3 setup.py install
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to install from source code, execute while in the root folder of the project:

```shell
pip install client/.
```
```

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Source Code Installation

If you want to install from source code, execute while in the root folder of the project:

```shell

> cd ./client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd client
```
A cd with ./ is very uncommon
